Salesforce (Actions) Mappings 2.0 (#7081)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/index.md

> _For additional information on these limitations, see the Salesforce [Manage OAuth-Enabled Connected Apps Access to Your Data](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.remoteaccess_request_manage.htm&type=5#:~:text=Each%20connected%20app%20allows%20five%20unique%20approvals%20per%20user.){:target="_blank”}  documentation._

## Actions v2

> Segment created new Actions v2 to provide you with additional access to features. Segment's Actions v2 support the following features: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment's Actions v2 provides you with additional access to features and supports the following features: 
```
